So this is Malia is going off to college,
and that's got to be.
>> It's hard.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
That's got to be.
>> Look.
As Michelle reminds me,
our job is to prepare them not need us.
And both my daughters
are wonderful people, and
Malia is more than ready to leave.
But I'm not ready for her to leave, and
I was asked if I would speak at her
graduation and I said absolutely not.
Because I'm gonna be sitting
there with dark glasses sobbing.
She's one of my best friends and
it's gonna be hard for
me not to have her around all the time.
But she's ready to go.
You know you can tell when they're
she's just a really smart,
capable person and
she's ready to make her own way.
And they're
>> Wow.
>> wonderful they're wonderful girls and I
>> Michelle gets all the credit,
maybe an assist from my mother in law.
But they really are just solid kids.
They don't have an attitude,
they're courteous and kind to everybody.
They work hard, they don't feel
like they're entitled to anything.
>> Well, they have great parents.
Both you and Michelle are really,
really amazing.
Michelle Is such a strong,
wonderful role model for all women.
And she has been a great First Lady.
>> I agree, that I agree with.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> We have to take another break.
>> That is indisputable.
>> Yep.
And you have been a great President.
And like you said people can
say things over and over and
over again about unemployment or
the economy or anything else.
If you listen to that,
you're gonna believe it.
If you look into it and see what
the facts are It's just not the truth.
>> We're better off now
then when I came in.
There's no doubt.
>> You've done an amazing job.
>> [APPLAUSE]